Stream depletion rate links pumping to the fraction of well discharge
The conventional Robin boundary omits the transient effects of
The paper compares a lagging-boundary single-zone model with an
A boundary flux containing leakance and a drawdown-rate term.
Coupled streambed-aquifer equations with boundary and interface
Fourier-cosine-domain single-zone equations in xD and time
An ordinary differential boundary problem in xD and Laplace parameter
Laplace-Fourier drawdown expressions in Equations 21a and 21b
Time-domain Fourier cosine amplitudes for the single-zone aquifer
Physical-space single-zone drawdown in Equations 22a and 22b
Fourier-cosine-domain equations in xD time and spectral parameter
Laplace-Fourier ordinary differential equations in xD for the two-zone
Laplace-Fourier drawdown expressions for the streambed and both
Time-domain Fourier cosine drawdown amplitudes for the streambed and
Physical-space analytical drawdown in the streambed and both aquifer
Temporal stream depletion rate SDR for each model.
The relation tau w 2 S'/(2T'), equivalent to half the squared width
Normalized response sensitivity Si for each model parameter
Parameter-dependent SDR differences across the three tested w D beta
Estimated K'/w and tau or wS s' values and model-specific SEE.
Mesh-dependent steady-state SDR and computation time for both
The reported accuracy and computing-time contrast at comparable SDR
Under the paper's model and tested parameter scenarios, the lagging